README.md, before:

# RuneScape Text

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/runescape-text.png?mini=true)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/runescape-text) [![Discord](https://discord.com/api/guilds/258167954913361930/embed.png)](https://discord.gg/WjEFnzC) [![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/peterthehan.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/peterthehan)

Convert text to a text image with [RuneScape](https://www.runescape.com/) chat effects.

<div>
  <img
    src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/peterthehan/runescape-text/master/assets/selling_rune_scimmy_15k.gif"
    title="Selling rune scimmy 15k"
    alt="Selling rune scimmy 15k"
  />
</div>

<details>
  <summary>More examples</summary>

  <div>
    <img
      src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/peterthehan/runescape-text/master/assets/default_styling.png"
      title="Default styling"
      alt="Default styling"
    />
  </div>

  <div>
    <img
      src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/peterthehan/runescape-text/master/assets/free_armor_trimming.gif"
      title="Free armor trimming!"
      alt="Free armor trimming!"
    />
  </div>

  <div>
    <img
      src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/peterthehan/runescape-text/master/assets/lorem_ipsum.gif"
      title="Lorem ipsum"
      alt="Lorem ipsum"
    />
  </div>
</details>

Refer to this wikiHow guide on [How to Write Text Effects on RuneScape](https://www.wikihow.com/Write-Text-Effects-on-Runescape).

## Table of contents

- [Getting started](#getting-started)
  - [Execute](#execute)
  - [Example](#example)
- [Syntax](#syntax)
  - [Parameters](#parameters)
    - [Options](#options)
    - [WordWrapOptions](#wordwrapoptions)
  - [Return value](#return-value)
  - [Exceptions](#exceptions)
- [Help](#help)

## Getting started

### Execute

```
$ npx runescape-text "wave:glow3: hello world"
```

### Example

```
$ npm i runescape-text
```

```js
const fs = require("fs");
const getRuneScapeText = require("runescape-text");

async function main() {
  const string = "wave:glow3: hello world";
  const options = { showLogs: true };

  const { extension, buffer } = getRuneScapeText(string, options);

  fs.writeFileSync(`./runescape-text.${extension}`, await buffer);
}

main();
```

## Syntax

```js
getRuneScapeText(string, [options], [wordWrapOptions]);
```

### Parameters

| Parameter                           | Type     | Required | Default | Description                                                                           |
| ----------------------------------- | -------- | -------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| string                              | `string` | Yes      | _none_  | Text to convert                                                                       |
| [options](#options)                 | `Object` | No       | `{}`    | Options to configure script behavior                                                  |
| [wordWrapOptions](#wordwrapoptions) | `Object` | No       | `{}`    | Options to configure [word-wrap](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/word-wrap) behavior |

#### Options

| Property         | Type      | Required | Default    | Description                                                                                                                                               |
| ---------------- | --------- | -------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| version          | `string`  | No       | `"osrs"`   | Game version to use, either: `osrs` or `rs3`                                                                                                              |
| color            | `string`  | No       | `"yellow"` | Default color effect of the text, either: `yellow`, `red`, `green`, `cyan`, `purple`, `white`, `glow1`, `glow2`, `glow3`, `flash1`, `flash2`, or `flash3` |
| motion           | `string`  | No       | `"none"`   | Default motion effect of the text, either: `none`, `wave`, `wave2`, `shake`, `scroll`, or `slide`                                                         |
| suffix           | `string`  | No       | `":"`      | String that should suffix each color and motion string                                                                                                    |
| replacement      | `string`  | No       | `""`       | String to replace characters the font does not support                                                                                                    |
| maxMessageLength | `number`  | No       | `280`      | Max message length allowed after the string has been sanitized                                                                                            |
| scale            | `number`  | No       | `2`        | Scale factor of the font (multiples of 16px), prefer integer values greater than or equal to 1, decimal values will render blurry text                    |
| fps              | `number`  | No       | `20`       | Frames per second to render GIFs at, prefer integer values less than or equal to 60                                                                       |
| cycleDuration    | `number`  | No       | `3000`     | Duration of one cycle before the GIF loops                                                                                                                |
| quality          | `number`  | No       | `100`      | Quality to render GIFs at, more information [here](https://github.com/twolfson/gif-encoder#setqualityquality)                                             |
| showLogs         | `boolean` | No       | `false`    | Determines whether to print runtime logs or not                                                                                                           |

#### WordWrapOptions

Property information can be found [here](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/word-wrap#options). The defaults chosen by this module are listed below:

| Property | Default                  |
| -------- | ------------------------ |
| width    | `50`                     |
| indent   | `""`                     |
| newline  | `"\n"`                   |
| escape   | `(str) => str.trimEnd()` |
| trim     | `false`                  |
| cut      | `false`                  |

### Return value

The **return value** is an Object with the following properties:

| Property  | Type              | Description                            |
| --------- | ----------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| width     | `number`          | Image width                            |
| height    | `number`          | Image height                           |
| extension | `string`          | File extension, either: `png` or `gif` |
| buffer    | `Promise<Buffer>` | Promise resulting in an image buffer   |

### Exceptions

| Error                  | Description                                   |
| ---------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| `InvalidArgumentError` | Thrown if required string argument is missing |
| `TypeError`            | Thrown if argument type is unexpected         |
| `ValueError`           | Thrown if string is empty                     |
| `ValueError`           | Thrown if the parsed message string is empty  |

## Help

Visit for more help or information!

<a href="https://discord.gg/WjEFnzC">
  <img src="https://discord.com/api/guilds/258167954913361930/embed.png?style=banner2" title="Discord server invite" alt="Discord server invite" />
</a>

Commit message:

Patch fixes (#9)
* Use browser safe png encode

* Add duration unit in readme

* Rephrase GIF to animations to be generic

* Fix package-lock name typo

* Update deps

* Clean eslintrc

* Update cli with name and version

* 1.1.3

README.md, after:

# RuneScape Text

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/runescape-text.png?mini=true)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/runescape-text) [![Discord](https://discord.com/api/guilds/258167954913361930/embed.png)](https://discord.gg/WjEFnzC) [![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/peterthehan.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/peterthehan)

Convert text to a text image with [RuneScape](https://www.runescape.com/) chat effects.

<div>
  <img
    src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/peterthehan/runescape-text/master/assets/selling_rune_scimmy_15k.gif"
    title="Selling rune scimmy 15k"
    alt="Selling rune scimmy 15k"
  />
</div>

<details>
  <summary>More examples</summary>

  <div>
    <img
      src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/peterthehan/runescape-text/master/assets/default_styling.png"
      title="Default styling"
      alt="Default styling"
    />
  </div>

  <div>
    <img
      src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/peterthehan/runescape-text/master/assets/free_armor_trimming.gif"
      title="Free armor trimming!"
      alt="Free armor trimming!"
    />
  </div>

  <div>
    <img
      src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/peterthehan/runescape-text/master/assets/lorem_ipsum.gif"
      title="Lorem ipsum"
      alt="Lorem ipsum"
    />
  </div>
</details>

Refer to this wikiHow guide on [How to Write Text Effects on RuneScape](https://www.wikihow.com/Write-Text-Effects-on-Runescape).

## Table of contents

- [Getting started](#getting-started)
  - [Execute](#execute)
  - [Example](#example)
- [Syntax](#syntax)
  - [Parameters](#parameters)
    - [Options](#options)
    - [WordWrapOptions](#wordwrapoptions)
  - [Return value](#return-value)
  - [Exceptions](#exceptions)
- [Help](#help)

## Getting started

### Execute

```
$ npx runescape-text "wave:glow3: hello world"
```

### Example

```
$ npm i runescape-text
```

```js
const fs = require("fs");
const getRuneScapeText = require("runescape-text");

async function main() {
  const string = "wave:glow3: hello world";
  const options = { showLogs: true };

  const { extension, buffer } = getRuneScapeText(string, options);

  fs.writeFileSync(`./runescape-text.${extension}`, await buffer);
}

main();
```

## Syntax

```js
getRuneScapeText(string, [options], [wordWrapOptions]);
```

### Parameters

| Parameter                           | Type     | Required | Default | Description                                                                           |
| ----------------------------------- | -------- | -------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| string                              | `string` | Yes      | _none_  | Text to convert                                                                       |
| [options](#options)                 | `Object` | No       | `{}`    | Options to configure script behavior                                                  |
| [wordWrapOptions](#wordwrapoptions) | `Object` | No       | `{}`    | Options to configure [word-wrap](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/word-wrap) behavior |

#### Options

| Property         | Type      | Required | Default    | Description                                                                                                                                               |
| ---------------- | --------- | -------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| version          | `string`  | No       | `"osrs"`   | Game version to use, either: `osrs` or `rs3`                                                                                                              |
| color            | `string`  | No       | `"yellow"` | Default color effect of the text, either: `yellow`, `red`, `green`, `cyan`, `purple`, `white`, `glow1`, `glow2`, `glow3`, `flash1`, `flash2`, or `flash3` |
| motion           | `string`  | No       | `"none"`   | Default motion effect of the text, either: `none`, `wave`, `wave2`, `shake`, `scroll`, or `slide`                                                         |
| suffix           | `string`  | No       | `":"`      | String that should suffix each color and motion string                                                                                                    |
| replacement      | `string`  | No       | `""`       | String to replace characters the font does not support                                                                                                    |
| maxMessageLength | `number`  | No       | `280`      | Max message length allowed after the string has been sanitized                                                                                            |
| scale            | `number`  | No       | `2`        | Scale factor of the font (multiples of 16px), prefer integer values greater than or equal to 1, decimal values will render blurry text                    |
| fps              | `number`  | No       | `20`       | Frames per second to render animations at, prefer integer values less than or equal to 60                                                                 |
| cycleDuration    | `number`  | No       | `3000`     | Duration in milliseconds of one cycle before the animation loops                                                                                          |
| quality          | `number`  | No       | `100`      | Quality to render animations at, more information [here](https://github.com/twolfson/gif-encoder#setqualityquality)                                       |
| showLogs         | `boolean` | No       | `false`    | Determines whether to print runtime logs or not                                                                                                           |

#### WordWrapOptions

Property information can be found [here](https://github.com/jonschlinkert/word-wrap#options). The defaults chosen by this module are listed below:

| Property | Default                  |
| -------- | ------------------------ |
| width    | `50`                     |
| indent   | `""`                     |
| newline  | `"\n"`                   |
| escape   | `(str) => str.trimEnd()` |
| trim     | `false`                  |
| cut      | `false`                  |

### Return value

The **return value** is an Object with the following properties:

| Property  | Type              | Description                            |
| --------- | ----------------- | -------------------------------------- |
| width     | `number`          | Image width                            |
| height    | `number`          | Image height                           |
| extension | `string`          | File extension, either: `png` or `gif` |
| buffer    | `Promise<Buffer>` | Promise resulting in an image buffer   |

### Exceptions

| Error                  | Description                                   |
| ---------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| `InvalidArgumentError` | Thrown if required string argument is missing |
| `TypeError`            | Thrown if argument type is unexpected         |
| `ValueError`           | Thrown if string is empty                     |
| `ValueError`           | Thrown if the parsed message string is empty  |

## Help

Visit for more help or information!

<a href="https://discord.gg/WjEFnzC">
  <img src="https://discord.com/api/guilds/258167954913361930/embed.png?style=banner2" title="Discord server invite" alt="Discord server invite" />
</a>
